Hello everyone and welcome to despite editorial before we use tens of low light to convert a model for
a mobile device either Android or OS we need to build one.
And in this video we are going to do just that.
As you can see I've already written the whole model for this section.
The reason being is that we are going to use the same architecture from the Section 3 of this course.
So we don't have to rewrite everything from scratch either way.
I'm going to walk you through the whole modeller detector again to remind ourselves the first part of
defining the model is to define one.
And as always we are going to use the sequential part from Caris library again.
So US DOT models dot sequential execute the cell and our model is defined the next part is to build
the architecture of the model the first layer is the dance layer or fully connected one which has 128
units in the activation function.
Here is really as always we need to provide input shape because this is our first layer to the network.
So this network accepts the input that contains 784 numbers and that is exact number that we have in
our data set.
The second part of the architecture is our drop out layer where we define how many units from our first
layer we want to drop to prevent over a fitting as much as possible the last layer here.
And as well as our output layer is dense again because this is our output layer.
It has to have the same number of units as number of classes in our data set and the activation function.
Here is the soft Max execute a cell and by doing that our model is successfully created.
The last thing that we have to do for our model before we can train it is to compile it.
And here we have to choose our last function and our optimizer for our optimizer.
We're going to use Adam and lost function here is going to be spires categorical across entropy and
the last thing that we have to provide is metrics which in this case is going to be sparse categorical
accuracy execute the cell and we have successfully compiled our model in the next video we are going
to train this model and prepare it for our tens of low light library if you have any questions or comments
so far.
Please post them in the comments section otherwise I'll assume the next tutorial.